README.md, before:

# save-in

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gyng/save-in.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gyng/save-in)

[Firefox Addons](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/save-in)<br />
[Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/save-in%E2%80%A6/jpblofcpgfjikaapfedldfeilmpgkedf)<br />
[Releases](https://github.com/gyng/save-in/releases/)

![Screenshot](docs/screenshot.png)

A web extension (Chrome, Firefox) for saving images, videos, audio, links, selections, and the current page into specified directories.

Rewrite filenames based off rules.

Optionally, save everything as HTML redirects or .url shortcuts instead.

`<all_urls>` permission is used to get around CORS on HTTP HEAD requests (to check for `Content-Disposition` headers).

The WebExtension API only allows saving into directories relative to the default download directory. Symlinks/junctions can be used to get around this limitation.

Linux/Mac:

    ln -s /path/to/actual /default_download_dir/symlink

Windows

    mklink /default_download_dir/symlink /path/to/actual

See the options page for usage and more information.

## Development

1. Install dev dependencies `yarn install`
2. `yarn d` to start a dev Firefox instance using web-ext
3. Develop
4. `yarn prettier` and/or `yarn prettier:write`
5. `yarn lint` and/or `yarn lint:fix`
6. `yarn test` and/or `yarn test:watch`

## Deployment

### ZIP file

1. `yarn build` to create a zip in `web-ext-artifacts` directory

### Firefox

1. Get API keys from [here](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/developers/addon/api/key/)
2. Set environment variables `WEB_EXT_API_KEY` (JWT issuer) and `WEB_EXT_API_SECRET`
3. `yarn build:firefox:submit` to sign and upload to AMO (Firefox Addons), or manually upload at [Firefox Addons](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/developers/addons)
4. `yarn build:firefox:submit` also generates an XPI for manual distribution

### Chrome

1. Go [here](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/developer/dashboard)
2. Upload built ZIP file

Commit message:

State use of tabs permission on readme

README.md, after:

# save-in

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gyng/save-in.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gyng/save-in)

[Firefox Addons](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/save-in)<br />
[Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/save-in%E2%80%A6/jpblofcpgfjikaapfedldfeilmpgkedf)<br />
[Releases](https://github.com/gyng/save-in/releases/)

![Screenshot](docs/screenshot.png)

A web extension (Chrome, Firefox) for saving images, videos, audio, links, selections, and the current page into specified directories.

Rewrite filenames based off rules.

Optionally, save everything as HTML redirects or .url shortcuts instead.

`<all_urls>` permission is used to get around CORS on HTTP HEAD requests (to check for `Content-Disposition` headers).

`tabs` permission is used to grab the current page's title

The WebExtension API only allows saving into directories relative to the default download directory. Symlinks/junctions can be used to get around this limitation.

Linux/Mac:

    ln -s /path/to/actual /default_download_dir/symlink

Windows

    mklink /default_download_dir/symlink /path/to/actual

See the options page for usage and more information.

## Development

1. Install dev dependencies `yarn install`
2. `yarn d` to start a dev Firefox instance using web-ext
3. Develop
4. `yarn prettier` and/or `yarn prettier:write`
5. `yarn lint` and/or `yarn lint:fix`
6. `yarn test` and/or `yarn test:watch`

## Deployment

### ZIP file

1. `yarn build` to create a zip in `web-ext-artifacts` directory

### Firefox

1. Get API keys from [here](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/developers/addon/api/key/)
2. Set environment variables `WEB_EXT_API_KEY` (JWT issuer) and `WEB_EXT_API_SECRET`
3. `yarn build:firefox:submit` to sign and upload to AMO (Firefox Addons), or manually upload at [Firefox Addons](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/developers/addons)
4. `yarn build:firefox:submit` also generates an XPI for manual distribution

### Chrome

1. Go [here](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/developer/dashboard)
2. Upload built ZIP file
